JP-3950: Use read_metadata to avoid unnecessary load/save in image3 with on_disk=True (#9570)
spacetelescope/jwst: changes/9570.pipeline.rst

> Lazy-load metadata where possible in calwebb_image3; result is a few percent runtime improvement if in_memory=False

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use ``read_metadata`` where possible in calwebb_image3; result is a few percent runtime improvement if in_memory=False
```
"Lazy" makes me think it's only loaded when used. Let's use `read_metadata` here (in part to advertise the method). Maybe some sphinx-fu could make that link work in the docs but I will not risk writing sphinx compatible code in a comment suggestion.
